What is Cryptography and what are the Encryption Methods?
    Cryptography is a technique of securing information through certain algorithms based on mathematical
    concepts so that only those for whom the information is intended can understand and process the
    information.
    Basically there are three types of Cryptography based on how the data or information is encrypted and
    decrypted
    1.Symmetric Key Cryptography:
        It is an encryption system where the sender and receiver of message use a single common key 
        to encrypt and decrypt messages. It is faster but key should be secured.
    2.Hash Functions:
        There is no usage of any key in this algorithm. A hash value with fixed length is calculated 
        as per the plain text which makes it impossible for contents of plain text to be recovered. 
        Many operating systems use hash functions to encrypt passwords.
    3.Asymmetric Key Cryptography:
        Under this system a pair of keys is used to encrypt and decrypt information. A public key is used 
        for encryption and a private key is used for decryption. Public key and Private Key are different. 
        Even if the public key is known by everyone the intended receiver can only decode it because 
        he alone knows the private key.

On entering a URL in a browser, explain the detailed procedure in which the request is handled by the browser 
and the result is obtained for the given search query.
    We enter a URL into a web browser
    The browser looks up the IP address for the domain name via DNS
    The browser sends a HTTP request to the server
    The server sends back a HTTP response
    The browser begins rendering the HTML
    The browser sends requests for additional objects embedded in HTML (images, css, JavaScript) and 
    repeats steps 3-5.
    Once the page is loaded, the browser sends further async requests as needed.

How will you create persistent connections between the server and the client?
    Persistent connections provide a mechanism by which a client and a server can signal the close of a TCP connection. 
    This signaling takes place using the Connection header field. 
    Once a close has been signaled, the client MUST NOT send any more requests on that connection.

What is Multithreading? What is the difference between a thread and a process?
    In computer architecture, multithreading is the ability of a central processing unit to provide 
    multiple threads of execution concurrently, supported by the operating system.
    Process vs Thread:
        A process is a program under execution i.e an active program.
        A thread is a lightweight process that can be managed independently by a scheduler.

        Processes don’t share memory.
        A thread may share some memory with its peer threads.

        If a process gets blocked, remaining processes can continue execution.
        If a user level thread gets blocked, all of its peer threads also get blocked.

        Processes require more resources whereas threads need less.

        Processes are independent of each other.
        THreads are part of a process and hence dependent

Explain Indexing in DBMS.
    Indexing is a datastructure technique with which we can efficiently retrieve records from database.
    Usually those fields or attributes on which querying is frequently done, are indexed.
    For example, In MongoDB whenever we query based on an attribute, the default scan will be COLLSCAN
    which check each document in collection and retrieve the particular document. If frequent querying is 
    done on certain attribute, then we can index them so that instead of doing whole COLLSCAN, it will
    create a binary search tree and implement IXSCAN.
    By default _id field is indexed so that qerying wil be faster.

What is normalization and denormalization and why do we need it?
    Normalization is the process of organizing the data in the database.
    Normalization is used to minimize the redundancy from a relation or set of relations.
    It is also used to eliminate the undesirable characteristics like Insertion, Update and Deletion Anomalies.
    Normalization divides the larger table into the smaller table and links them using relationship.

    MOst commonly used norma forms are 1NF,2NF,3NF and BCNF
    1NF- An attribute of a table cannot hold multiple values. It should hold only atomic values.
    2NF- Should be in 1NF and No non-prime attribute is dependent on the proper subset of any candidate key of table.
    3NF- Should be in 2NF and Transitive functional dependency of non-prime attribute on any super key should be removed.

Difference between INNER and OUTER JOIN.
    Both inner join and outer join combine rows from teo tables based on join condition.
    The join condition specifies how columns from each table are matched to one another.

    Inner joins don’t include non-matching rows
    Whereas outer joins include all the rows, even if there are no matching attributes.

What is Cache? Where does cache lie in an Operating System? Difference between Cache and HashMap.
    In computing, a cache is a hardware or software component that stores data so that future requests for that 
    data can be served faster. The data stored in a cache might be the result of an earlier computation 

How will you analyze 'process out of memory exception' in your node js application? 
    This error occurs when the memory allocated for the execution of your application is less than the 
    required memory by the application.
    We can solve this by incresing the memory limit which 512mb by default.
    we can set this using --max-old-space-size command in node.

If RAM size is 4GB, if 4 processes of size 2GB are launched! What happens?